Ｔ Ｈ Ｅ
NIGHT AGENT
SEASON 01   #   EPISODE 02
"Redial"
[BOMB BEEPING]
- Is that a...?
Yeah.
Do you know how to...?
- No.
[PASSENGERS SCREAMING]
[ ♪ OMINOUS MUSIC ♪ ]
You pay your dues in Night Action. you put your time in in that room...
manning a phone that never rings. and better things will come your way.
But you need more than just me to sign off
on a promotion. You need Hawkins too.
HAWKINS: You report to us both.
You've forgotten that half of the equation.
I need to personally file for bankruptcy.
After the data breach. the ransomware. all my clients bailed.
You can stay here as long as you need.
ROSE: What's happening?
- Someone is outside.
Call this number. say "Night Action."
[ROSE GASPING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Night Action.
- Deputy Director Hawkins.
HAWKINS: What are you doing here?
Diane Farr sent me to take Miss Larkin.
- HAWKINS: Take her where?
ROSE: Who do you work for?
- FBI.
They're after me now. aren't they?
What I can tell you are my orders. which are to protect you.
So my aunt and uncle were spies?
I'm as low-level as it gets in the White House.
Trust me. I... I don't know anything.
MAN: Found it!
PETER: Tell them the truth about what you saw.
My aunt said there's someone in the White House who can't be trusted.
We wanna make this as comfortable for you as possible.
Have a seat. Miss Larkin. We have a lot to go over.
Ｔ Ｈ Ｅ
NIGHT AGENT
SEASON 01   #   EPISODE 02
"Redial"
[PHONE RINGING ECHOING]
WOMAN: How many employees?
37 now. 80 by the end of the year.
On track for 200 by 3ʳᵈ quarter next year.
WOMAN: Ready for that kind of growth?
We're actually taking it slow.
We turn down four clients for every one we take on.
Where do you see the cybersecurity sector trending?
Right now large companies have sensitive information...
they need to protect...
but smaller companies. individuals. privacy is important to them too.
Silicon Valley can be brutal on women.
You're a rare female CEO not working in the beauty or wellness space.
What made you think you could succeed where many women hit roadblocks?
I'm so sorry.
Uh. there's a call.
Uh. can it wait?
Who is it?
It's Lawrence Finster.
Oh. our biggest account.
Sorry.
- WOMAN: No problem.
Here?
- Just there.
[PHONES RINGING]
Mr. Finster. it's Rose Larkin. How can I...?
LAWRENCE: Someone's in our goddamn system.
We're completely locked out. Everything's shut down.
Um. sorry. what's going on?
LAWRENCE: The hackers just contacted us.
They want 7.2 million in Bitcoin...
or they release our proprietary technology online...
which will sink us.
There must be some mistake.
Uh. one second.
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
Sorry. Excuse me.
[ROSE BREATHING HEAVILY]
[LOCK DISENGAGING]
Khadim.
- I know. I'm trying.
Someone's fucked with the code.
On our end?
It doesn't make sense. Who'd do this?
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
Fuck. it's Adam.
Let me in.
Adam. what did you do? Look.
[ ♪ OPENING THEME MUSIC ♪ ]
HAWKINS: We've been at this for hours. Just tell us the truth already.
What more do you want from me?
- Actual help.
You said on the phone call that you saw his face.
I saw his figure. not his face.
You said you saw his face.
Well. that was a mistake. Maybe I was in shock.
HAWKINS: How tall was he? What was his build?
White. Black. Hispanic?
Nothing?
Jesus.
How do we know that you aren't in on this?
Jamie. that's ridiculous.
Her aunt and uncle are killed. and she didn't get a scratch?
Stop it.
Look. I don't really believe that you're involved with this...
but I don't think you're being honest with me either.
Do you wanna find your aunt and uncle's killer or not?
Of course I do. but that's your goddamn job.
Mine is to plan a double funeral for the only family I had left.
Rose. we're on the same side.
Well. tell that asshole.
And someone's still trying to kill me. Do something about that.
What's. uh. what's going on?
She's hiding something.
She's endured something terrible.
Yes. she has.
But she's hiding something.
- How do you know. sir?
30 years as a federal Agent. that's how.
Tell me you didn't see it.
Maybe you can get her to talk.
So. what happens now?
We have a car with Secret Service Agents
who'll take you to the Remborne Hotel.
You'll remain under their protection until it's safe to go home.
I'll walk. I could use the air.
- That's not going to work.
Well. unless you're planning to arrest me. it's gonna have to.
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
I'll... I'll just escort her. and the Agents can. uh. trail behind us.
Sutherland does not have the training to work a witness...
and we don't have time to fix things when he fucks up.
Just because you underestimate him. doesn't mean I do.
I've spent the last year watching him. He can do this.
Or are you afraid he'll succeed where you couldn't?
So you didn't tell them what you saw?
No. You know why.
What's your plan here. Rose?
To stay alive as long as possible.
What didn't you tell them exactly?
What. you don't trust me now?
To a point. but someone in the White House wants me dead.
What if you misheard?
- [ROSE SCOFFING]
Or she was wrong? Give them a description.
If the people behind this know I can ID one of the killers...
how safe do you think I'll be?
You believe in your bosses so much. go ahead. tell them I lied.
See what happens.
It's only my life at stake.
Maybe yours too now.
Okay. this is it. so...
Just stay off that balcony.
And. uh...
generally. just try to stay out of sight. okay?
Please.
So it's like a jail cell?
PETER: What? No.
No. Order anything you want from room service.
Uh. you got a minibar.
And you got 2 Secret Service Agents in the hall. 4 in the lobby.
It's gonna be fine.
ROSE: Some life.
No laptop. no books to read. Just stuck here.
Work on your pool game.
Is that gonna be my new career?
- What. a 9-ball hustler?
Enough practice. maybe. Who knows?
You can do it.
Hey.
We're gonna get these guys...
believe me.
You need anything else before I go?
Wait. you're not staying?
I have to go to work.
But you work nights.
Farr wanted my help on this. so...
So that's it?
Just goodbye forever?
I don't know. Maybe.
These Secret Service guys. they're gonna be a lot better...
at protecting you than I am.
You did okay.
Thanks. You did okay too.
Thank you.
- PETER: Yeah.
[DOOR OPENING]
Um...
you guys take care of her. okay?
Of course.
PETER: Thank you.
- MAN: You got it.
[ELEVATOR CHIMING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
- [PHONES RINGING]
Hey. Uh. can you deliver these to room 610. please?
MAN: Right away.
- Thanks.
Can you tell her they're from Peter?
Will do.
[ ♪ ROCK MUSIC ♪ ]
♪ You better believe in karma ♪♪
I wonder what's in the bag.
You're not curious?
No. I used to be a curious person...
but I learned quickly that some things are better left alone.
What's something you used to be curious about?
When you'd come into my life.
What?
- Come on. tell me.
Uh...
why people behave in opposition to their best interests.
What'd you decide?
That people... [SIGHING]
they need risk in their lives to feel something...
[POLICE SIREN CHIRPING]
...different.
How fast were you going?
Fast.
I was trying to get us there.
Just pull over slowly. okay?
[INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
MAN: Whoa.
Just in case.
License and registration are both clean.
so just smile and take your ticket. okay?
I was speeding wasn't I. Officer?
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
MAN: Thanks.
[SCANNER TRILLING]
[COMPUTER BEEPING]
MAN: Uh. sir. your key.
Thank you.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGING]
How's Rose?
- She's fine.
DIANE: You get anything more out of her?
Nothing new. no.
[PETER SIGHING]
- That's Hawkins' chair.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
PETER: Sorry. sir.
Fourteen hours since Emma and Henry Campbell were killed.
The President wants to know what we know. So. what do we know?
Investigation is proceeding.
I'm not a fucking Washington Post reporter. Don't spin me.
The Campbells worked for us in counterintelligence.
Mostly recruiting foreign assets domestically.
But they retired a few years ago.
The fact that they had their niece call Night Action...
means they were working off the books.
The Campbells make any enemies when they were working for the FBI?
No one that would do this to them.
- How do you know?
'Cause that's not how the game is played in spy land.
MAN: Spy land?
Well. maybe someone changed the rules in spy land?
What about surveillance footage near their house?
Nothing helpful.
So the bureau's nowhere?
Maybe Secret Service needs to step in more.
Maybe.
- MAN#2: Hmm.
You stay on your own turf there. buddy boy. FBI's got a handle on this.
Just no suspects.
I'd like to take another crack at the girl. see what she's hiding.
Don't you think she's been traumatized enough. sir?
It's called conducting an investigation. Sutherland.
And you're lucky you're even invited up here with the grown-ups.
Your prize witness wouldn't be alive if it weren't for him.
What else aren't you sharing about your investigation?
That's all I have to share.
As far as the outside world's concerned...
this was 2 business people killed in a home robbery.
But how long is that story going to hold?
When it does fall apart. let's look like
we have a fucking clue what we're doing.
That's all.
[DOOR OPENING]
DIANE: Peter.
Yes. ma'am?
What do you think? About Hawkins?
I think he didn't like me sitting in his chair.
Let's double-check his work.
I'm gonna get you the case files for the Campbells from over the years.
I don't think I'm cleared for that.
I'll get you read in.
Okay. What do you want me to look for?
A reason they were targeted...
any connections Hawkins isn't telling us about.
Peter. look...
you've been a good soldier.
Done everything I've asked in Night Action.
I know you're capable of more.
You want to do more. Now I'm asking for more.
We're wading into very murky waters here.
Are you ready to do whatever it takes to get to the bottom of this muck?
To keep Rose Larkin safe?
Absolutely.
Good.
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
The last 12 months. I've been training you
for something. I wasn't sure what for.
But now we know.
It's this.
Time to step up.
Yes. ma'am.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[PHONES RINGING]
Hey. Liam.
Anything on that. uh. screenshot I sent you?
Uh. yeah.
Not sure how it helps.
So this is the ring you caught on camera last night.
Yeah.
I found this sigil.
Looks pretty damn close.
PETER: What's it from?
Family crest from the Royal House of Yugoslavia.
There's a couple of differences...
so I'm guessing the original owner of that ring...
is probably a distant relative to the crown prince.
Can we get anything more on it? Like. uh. maybe check museums...
I don't know. auction houses. anything like that?
Excuse me? You're my boss now. phone boy?
Please?
Look. no-can-do. I'm buried.
What's this all about anyway?
Can't tell you. It's above your clearance.
No. seriously.
Seriously?
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
[SCANNER BEEPING]
[POLICE SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
What kind of tea is this?
- Pu-erh.
What is that. Chinese?
- I believe so.
It's not gonna make me sleepy. is it? I've got a long night.
No. it's supposed to give you energy. I checked.
Okay. thanks.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
DIANE: Peter. everything okay?
Hey. did you know Hawkins used to be
Emma and Henry Campbell's old FBI handler?
What?
- PETER: Yeah.
It's really hard to find...
but I recognize his initials on some old sign-offs.
These are...
these are going back years.
Shit.
You're sure?
[SIGHING] He didn't tell you he knew them?
No. I knew he worked in counterintelligence...
before his promotion. but...
Fuck a duck.
Shit. I wonder why he didn't tell you.
What else is he hiding. you know?
Separate the cases he oversaw. Have them on my desk in the morning.
And. Peter. keep this between us for now.
Yeah.
[PETER SNIFFLING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Uh. yes. go ahead.
ROSE: Peter. is that you?
Rose?
- ROSE: Yeah.
I can't sleep. and...
um. I remembered the number.
Wait. you...? You remembered this number?
ROSE: Yeah. my brain works like that.
- [PETER CHUCKLING]
I was hoping you would answer.
PETER: Uh. yeah. I mean. it's me.
It's... it's late. Are you okay?
ROSE: No.
I just really needed to hear a voice.
and I... I don't really have anyone. so...
I'm... I'm... I'm here.
Do you know anything more...
about what happened to my aunt and uncle?
We're looking into some things. all right?
Uh. we'll see where it goes.
We're making progress. okay? I promise.
Wait. hang on. Don't you have to keep this line open?
Just in case someone else calls?
You really think it's set up...
so a night Agent in trouble gets a busy signal?
ROSE: Last time I called. you said you had to keep the line open.
Yeah. You didn't have the right answers to the code questions.
So you were just trying to hang up on me.
That's kind of rude.
[CHUCKLING] Sorry. Sorry. okay?
I won't hang up on you tonight. I promise.
You better not. I can be very vindictive.
Yeah. I don't wanna find out.
Can I ask you a question?
PETER: Yeah. Yeah. go ahead.
[ ♪ DRAMATIC MUSIC ♪ ]
Do you know what happens next to me?
[SIGHING] I... I wish I knew. Rose.
[ROSE SIGHING]
It doesn't matter what's in the bag.
[SCOFFING] Yeah. It's obviously worth killing for.
We weren't told we had to kill her.
No.
But faster. safer...
and he didn't tell us not to kill her.
What do you think's in there?
[SIGHING HEAVILY] Stop torturing yourself. okay?
You're right.
I'll just look.
You'll still love me.
What the actual fuck?
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
Satisfied?
It's a nanny cam.
What cords do we need to download what's on here?
Anticipation is always better than the result.
Trust me.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
Fine.
Uh. it's him.
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
MAN: Yes?
You back in town yet?
We just got here.
MAN#2: I've got new intel on the target.
MAN: Okay. we're ready.
Try to close this time.
There's a good chance she saw you at the house and can ID you.
In case you needed additional incentive.
Who's that?
He's someone with a vested interest in this all working out.
And he's right. the girl's a problem.
Just tell me where she is. okay?
Wait.
[PEN SCRIBBLING]
MAN: Got it.
Well. it's all taken care of.
How long have these people worked for you?
Well. him. over 8 years.
Excellent results.
He brought her in a couple of years ago.
They make a good team.
I mean. no one's asked for a refund yet.
The whole thing makes me ill.
ROSE: Did you always want to be an FBI Agent?
PETER: Um. no.
I... I actually...
I wanted to play in the NBA.
Why didn't you?
Because I sucked in college.
If you suck in college. they definitely don't let you play in the pros.
That kind of thinking doesn't fly in Silicon Valley.
If you have a dream. make it happen...
no matter how many rules you have to break.
Well. what happened to your dream?
Didn't you have a. uh. business or something like that?
[ROSE EXHALING]
Well. it. um...
It crashed and burned. and...
when I looked around. I was the only one not wearing a parachute.
I was the boss. and I...
I let a friend betray me.
Expensive lesson.
Sorry that happened.
You still there?
Yeah. I...
I think I'm falling asleep.
PETER: That's a good thing. okay? You need sleep.
Peter?
[ ♪ EMOTIONAL MUSIC ♪ ]
PETER: Yeah. what's up?
I'm so lonely...
all the time.
Especially now that they're gone. and...
Can you have breakfast with me tomorrow...
when you finish work?
Yeah. sure.
We have to get room service 'cause they don't let me out of my room.
PETER: I... I figured.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Sounds good. What. 10:30? Late breakfast?
Okay.
PETER: See ya.
- Bye.
The last one.
Val. can I get some more of that Chinese tea from last night?
Had a real kick to it.
Yes. ma'am. And. heads up. you've got a squatter.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[PHONES RINGING]
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGING]
Should I charge you rent?
Oh. sorry. ma'am.
I was gonna put those on your desk.
and then laid down on the couch and just...
Find any connections between Hawkins and the Campbells?
Any idea who might have killed them?
Not really. no. But I marked up all their cases that he oversaw.
Thanks. Go get some real sleep.
Can't. I gotta shower...
and. um. I was gonna go see Rose at her hotel.
I promised I'd check up on her.
- Wait. she contacted you again?
Yeah. Yeah. she wants to see me.
Good.
You're forming a connection. Could be valuable.
You need anything before I go?
Go.
Let me know if she opens up.
Yeah.
[ ♪ UPBEAT MUSIC ♪ ]
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
Hey. Excuse me.
- Hi.
Where are the Secret Service Agents that were here?
Oh. uh. they were there earlier.
[PEOPLE EXCLAIMING]
WOMAN: Whoa.
PETER: No.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
Rose?
[DOOR OPENING]
- ROSE: Yeah?
Hey. [PANTING]
ROSE: What's happening?
- We have to get out of here.
How'd you get in here?
They cut the power.
The lock on your door isn't working. We have to go. Come on.
[ ♪ INTENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
Housekeeping.
PETER: Come here.
She's not here.
MAN: Copy. I'll meet you in the stairwell.
[DOOR CLOSING]
[ROSE GASPING]
Come with me. Come on. Rose.
[ROSE GRUNTING]
- PETER: Go.
This way. Come on.
You good?
Go. go. go. go.
What happened to the Secret Service?
Someone must've pulled them.
- ROSE: What?
[MAN GRUNTING]
Go!
- ROSE: Okay.
Peter.
- Yeah. I'm here.
Shit.
You're late again. What a surprise.
[WOMAN GRUNTING. GROANING]
[ROSE PANTING]
This way. Go.
This way.
Okay.
We can't go back.
Here's the plan.
We wait here. he tries to break in. and you shoot him.
I'm out. Rose.
Out of what? Bullets?
Yeah.
You think he's out of bullets?
I doubt it.
- So. what's your plan?
[ROSE GASPING]
[GLASS BREAKING IN DISTANCE]
Okay. I... I think I see a way down. Come on.
Okay. fuck that.
Rose. Rose. it's gonna be fine.
Take my hand.
- Okay.
Come on.
Oh my God!
Are you okay?
Peter?
Your turn.
I'm not jumping down.
- PETER: I'll catch you.
You'll catch me?
- Yes.
That's crazy.
Crazier than waiting for your friend?
How should I jump so you can catch me?
I don't know. but you have to jump. Rose.
[DOOR RATTLING]
- [ROSE GASPING]
I'll fall forward so my body weight's distributed across more area.
Sounds great. Just jump. come on.
Rose!
[ROSE SCREAMING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ROSE PANTING]
Come on.
They're on the street in front of the hotel.
We gotta get some clothes for you. We'll cross here.
PETER: Here. Come on.
[DOORBELL CHIMING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
WOMAN: Hello. How can I help you?
Um. I have a bit of a wardrobe emergency.
Thanks.
WOMAN: Uh. yeah.
Rose. what are you doing? You can't steal that lady's phone.
You won't let me have my phone so no one can track us?
Yeah. right.
Well. someone tracked us.
So call the White House and see who pulled my fucking security.
[DOORBELL CHIMING]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[DOOR OPENING]
[WHISPERING] Ma'am. it's Peter Sutherland on line 2.
This is Farr.
It's Peter. What happened to Rose's protection at the hotel?
What're you talking about?
When I got there. Secret Service was gone.
The people who are after Rose were there.
They almost killed her. me too.
Everyone except these two out of the room.
Now!
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
Peter. you're on speaker.
It's just me. Ben Almora. and Nathan Briggs from Secret Service.
Repeat what you just told me.
PETER: Somebody pulled the protection detail off of Rose's hotel.
We were almost killed. It was the same guy as before.
We both saw his face.
What the fuck happened?
That's impossible.
- Then change your definition of the word.
Ben?
Nathan?
- Checking.
WOMAN: Hello.
Help you with anything?
I'm just looking for some friends.
BEN: Okay. here's what we know.
The command was sent 30 minutes ago on the Pegasus system...
ordering our Agents to disengage.
PETER: How does that happen?
- It shouldn't.
Who has power to authorize that?
The President. myself. Ben and Nathan here. Director Willett. and...
Deputy Director Jamie Hawkins.
That's right.
Okay. where's Hawkins right now?
We're calling.
Peter. is Rose okay? Are you okay?
We'll be better when you can tell us what's going on.
DIANE: That's what we're working on.
Hawkins' office doesn't know where he is. They can't reach him.
Well. isn't that fucking suspicious?
Track him down now. Nathan.
Yes. sir.
Peter. where are you? We'll send someone to pick you up.
[WHISPERING] No.
Not until you can get this shit under control.
I'm taking care of Rose until you can figure out who's behind this.
Peter. what are you doing?
Whatever it takes to keep her safe. remember?
I'll keep in touch.
[DIAL TONE DRONING]
[ ♪ MUSIC FADES ♪ ]
I'll try to figure out some place we can lay low.
We can't just keep waiting for them to kill me. okay?
We need to get proactive.
Figure out what my aunt and uncle were investigating and who it threatened.
How do you think we do that?
I... I have no idea. but I know where to start.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[ROSE SIGHING]
Are you sure you wanna do this?
No.
[DOOR OPENING]
[ ♪ DRAMATIC MUSIC ♪ ]
They shot her?
How many times?
6.
We used to play hide-and-seek in this room.
She taught me origami here.
We'd play Scrabble.
Now it's just a place where someone slaughtered her.
I wanna get these motherfuckers.
PETER: Me too.
I haven't told you everything yet.
What do you mean? What haven't you told me?
Uh. everything I overheard my aunt and uncle talking about that night.
PETER: Okay. like what?
You're really on my side. aren't you?
How many times you want me to get shot at to prove it?
Do you know who Osprey is?
Osprey?
Yeah. they kept talking about Osprey...
about warning him or her what was happening in the White House.
I... I don't know.
I don't know. It sounds like a code name. It could be their handler. maybe.
They also mentioned some files and an engineer.
Maybe they hid them here.
Look. the FBI and state police were all over this place.
If there was something useful like files. they'd have them by now.
[ROSE RUMMAGING]
Hey.
Rose. just take a breath. okay? What else did they say?
I mean. you have this... this great memory.
Shit. you memorized the Night Action line by heart.
You saw it once.
What else did they say?
Uh. that the country was in trouble.
PETER: Okay. did they say how?
No. but my aunt said that there was someone in the White House...
who couldn't be trusted.
She said that it was only 7 days till it goes down.
Till what goes down?
- I don't know.
But she sounded scared.
All right. They say anything else?
My uncle said something about them taking a drive in the woods.
Drive in the woods? What does that mean?
- I don't know.
Okay. what did he say exactly?
"We still have the drive in the woods."
The drive?
Could that be like a... like a hard drive?
A hard drive.
Okay. what woods? Where? What's he talking about?
I know where that is.
Uh. we'll take their car.
Okay. Grab some clothes or something while you're here.
ROSE: Yeah.
Some shoes. maybe?
Yeah. upstairs.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
Hey. Rose. I'll drive. Give me the keys.
- You just assume the man drives?
No. I assume I'm the only one formally trained...
in evasive maneuver techniques and counter-surveillance.
Okay. valid.
Also need to pick up a prepaid phone on the way.
Some bullets. maybe?
Yeah. and some bullets. maybe.
[CAR ENGINE STARTING]
[ ♪ OMINOUS MUSIC ♪ ]
[DOORBELL RINGING]
Hello.
In a couple miles. you take the next right.
You gonna tell me where we're going?
The woods.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
My uncle's brother. Ron. built a cabin out there. like. 30 years ago.
He stopped using it when he moved to Japan.
My aunt and uncle took it over...
when they wanted to get away from the world.
When they wanted some peace.
You know. you don't have to do all this.
Try to figure it all out.
Okay? That's what the FBI does.
All we gotta do is keep you safe while we do it.
What happened at the hotel is not gonna happen again.
Okay? I promise.
[CAR ENGINE STOPPING]
So you used to come here a lot?
ROSE: Plenty. [SIGHING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[LOCK CLICKING]
Looks like. uh. someone cleaned in here recently.
Yeah.
Aunt Emma liked things neat.
There aren't that many places to look.
Yeah.
[WOMAN SEETHING]
[SCREAMING]
[MAN SHUSHING]
Hey. hey.
Come here. It's okay.
It's okay. Come here.
Hey.
We need to be patient.
Okay?
Patience.
I don't like losing.
They have to win every time.
We only have to win once.
[WOMAN SCOFFING]
[WHISPERING] I wish I thought like you.
No...
you don't.
I love you with everything.
I love you too.
[WOMAN BREATHING HEAVILY]
WOMAN: Try to fuck me.
Stop. It doesn't work. You know it doesn't work.
WOMAN: Use your hand.
Use your hand the way I like it.
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
[WOMAN PANTING. MOANING]
WOMAN: Oh God.
Fuck.
- [CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
Yeah?
Change of plans.
Need to put you in motion.
When?
MAN: Now.
Are you busy?
Okay.
- [WOMAN BREATHING HEAVILY]
Yes.
What?
[WOMAN GRUNTING]
Okay. we have to go.
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[PETER EXHALING]
Okay. maybe they hid it outside.
Well. if they did. where would we even begin to look?
We'll start with the porch.
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[ROCK RATTLING]
[WHISPERING] No fucking way.
[PETER GRUNTING]
[ ♪ OMINOUS MUSIC ♪ ]
PETER: Rose. get in here.
Look at this.
- [ROSE GASPING]
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
- Okay.
What were my aunt and uncle up to?
Huh?
What?
Uh. just a little extra security on the drive.
It shouldn't be a problem. I just need to open my tools.
No fucking way.
What? What is it?
This thing's protected.
Well. hack it. Isn't. like. cybersecurity what you do?
Uh. this isn't ordinary security. or 2ⁿᵈ or 3ʳᵈ level.
My aunt acted like she couldn't even set up a modem.
But this has national-intelligence level
security that I can't even get around.
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
This thing's locked.
[ROSE SIGHING]
- So you can't see anything?
Well. there's just a folder with a name on it. but it can't be opened.
No way.
[ ♪ OMINOUS MUSIC ♪ ]
What? What?
- PETER: Holy shit. No. no.
2781 is the number of the metro train I was on.
The one that got bombed. Rose.
What the hell were your aunt and uncle doing investigating that?
Well. I don't know until I can crack it.
which I can't do without serious hardware.
Hey. who are you calling?
Diane Farr. She can get you the hardware you need.
ROSE: Hey. slow down.
We don't know who we can trust.
What if she tracks the call and sends someone here?
She can't trace this call. I'm calling the Night Action line.
DIANE: This is Farr.
MAN: This is Night Action. I have Peter Sutherland for you.
Put him through.
Where are you? Where's Rose?
- PETER: We're safe.
Did you figure out who pulled her protection?
Hawkins called off her Secret Service detail.
PETER: You're sure?
The order was issued from a computer in his office.
He confess?
No.
Looks like whoever his accomplices were
made sure he couldn't tell us anything.
A farmer found him in a field in Maryland.
Murdered.
Somebody killed the deputy director of the FBI?
Shot him in the back 6x.
6x?
PETER: It's not safe for you and Rose out there.
What are you doing?
We found a hard drive.
Rose's aunt and uncle were hiding it.
We can't get into it. It's encrypted.
I think it has something to do with the metro bombing.
Peter. come in already. Just bring Rose and come on in.
If Hawkins was behind this. whoever his accomplices were...
they'll kill anyone they deem a threat...
and you and Rose are definitely a threat now.
Peter. this is an order.
Come in right now...
and bring Rose and the hard drive with you.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC SWELLING ♪ ]
Ｔ Ｈ Ｅ
NIGHT AGENT
[ ♪ ENDING THEME SONG ♪ ]